com/example/classx/DrawableBackground.java
 com.example.classx.DrawableBackground
com/example/classx/ui/activities/SignUpActivity.java
 com.example.classx.ui.activities.SignUpActivity
com/example/classx/ui/calendar/CalendarFragment.java
 com.example.classx.ui.calendar.CalendarFragment
com/example/classx/ui/activities/BottomNavigationActivity.java
 com.example.classx.ui.activities.BottomNavigationActivity
com/example/classx/ui/forums/navigation/calendar/Event.java
 com.example.classx.ui.forums.navigation.calendar.Event
com/example/classx/ui/messages/MessagesFragment.java
 com.example.classx.ui.messages.MessagesFragment
com/example/classx/ui/forums/navigation/calendar/AddEventActivity.java
 com.example.classx.ui.forums.navigation.calendar.AddEventActivity
 com.example.classx.ui.forums.navigation.calendar.AddEventActivity$DatePickerFragment
 com.example.classx.ui.forums.navigation.calendar.AddEventActivity$TimePickerFragment
com/example/classx/ui/settings/SettingsFragment.java
 com.example.classx.ui.settings.SettingsFragment
com/example/classx/ui/forums/navigation/thread/ForumThreadFragment.java
 com.example.classx.ui.forums.navigation.thread.ForumThreadFragment
com/example/classx/ui/forums/fragment/FindForumActivity.java
 com.example.classx.ui.forums.fragment.FindForumActivity
 com.example.classx.ui.forums.fragment.FindForumActivity$1
com/example/classx/ui/forums/navigation/settings/UsersAdapter.java
 com.example.classx.ui.forums.navigation.settings.UsersAdapter
 com.example.classx.ui.forums.navigation.settings.UsersAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/classx/ui/profile/ProfileFragment.java
 com.example.classx.ui.profile.ProfileFragment
com/example/classx/ui/messages/ObjectSerializer.java
 com.example.classx.ui.messages.ObjectSerializer
com/example/classx/ui/forums/fragment/NewForumActivity.java
 com.example.classx.ui.forums.fragment.NewForumActivity
 com.example.classx.ui.forums.fragment.NewForumActivity$1
com/example/classx/ui/activities/SocialMediaActivity.java
 com.example.classx.ui.activities.SocialMediaActivity
com/example/classx/ui/forums/fragment/ObjectSerializer.java
 com.example.classx.ui.forums.fragment.ObjectSerializer
com/example/classx/ui/forums/fragment/Forum.java
 com.example.classx.ui.forums.fragment.Forum
com/example/classx/ui/forums/navigation/calendar/ObjectSerializer.java
 com.example.classx.ui.forums.navigation.calendar.ObjectSerializer
com/example/classx/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.classx.BuildConfig
com/example/classx/ui/forums/fragment/ForumsFragment.java
 com.example.classx.ui.forums.fragment.ForumsFragment
com/example/classx/ui/messages/Message.java
 com.example.classx.ui.messages.Message
com/example/classx/ui/activities/MainActivity.java
 com.example.classx.ui.activities.MainActivity
com/example/classx/ui/messages/ChatActivity.java
 com.example.classx.ui.messages.ChatActivity
com/example/classx/ui/forums/navigation/NavigationDrawerActivity.java
 com.example.classx.ui.forums.navigation.NavigationDrawerActivity
com/example/classx/ui/messages/FindContactActivity.java
 com.example.classx.ui.messages.FindContactActivity
 com.example.classx.ui.messages.FindContactActivity$1
com/example/classx/ui/messages/Contact.java
 com.example.classx.ui.messages.Contact
com/example/classx/ui/settings/ThemeActivity.java
 com.example.classx.ui.settings.ThemeActivity
com/example/classx/ui/forums/navigation/thread/ForumPostAdapter.java
 com.example.classx.ui.forums.navigation.thread.ForumPostAdapter
 com.example.classx.ui.forums.navigation.thread.ForumPostAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/classx/ui/forums/fragment/ForumsAdapter.java
 com.example.classx.ui.forums.fragment.ForumsAdapter
com/example/classx/ui/forums/navigation/settings/ForumSettingsFragment.java
 com.example.classx.ui.forums.navigation.settings.ForumSettingsFragment
com/example/classx/ui/activities/PrivacyPolicyActivity.java
 com.example.classx.ui.activities.PrivacyPolicyActivity
com/example/classx/ui/forums/navigation/thread/ForumPost.java
 com.example.classx.ui.forums.navigation.thread.ForumPost
com/example/classx/ui/forums/navigation/calendar/ForumCalendarFragment.java
 com.example.classx.ui.forums.navigation.calendar.ForumCalendarFragment
com/example/classx/ui/forums/navigation/calendar/DateTime.java
 com.example.classx.ui.forums.navigation.calendar.DateTime
com/example/classx/ui/calendar/EventAdapter.java
 com.example.classx.ui.calendar.EventAdapter
 com.example.classx.ui.calendar.EventAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/classx/ui/forums/navigation/thread/ObjectSerializer.java
 com.example.classx.ui.forums.navigation.thread.ObjectSerializer
com/example/classx/ui/activities/CreateAccountActivity.java
 com.example.classx.ui.activities.CreateAccountActivity
com/example/classx/ui/messages/ContactsAdapter.java
 com.example.classx.ui.messages.ContactsAdapter
 com.example.classx.ui.messages.ContactsAdapter$ViewHolder
